# 9997131199971311

Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, the seventh game in the Grand Theft Auto series and the third in the 3D Universe, was developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games on October 26, 2004. It serves as both the prelude to Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories and Grand Theft Auto III and the sequel to Grand Theft Auto: Vice City. On the same day as Grand Theft Auto Advance, it was launched. The setting for GTA San Andreas is the made-up nation of San Andreas.

By far the largest and most complex playing field of any 3D Universe game, San Andreas consists of three fully-realized cities: Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas, and includes vast expanses of countryside, forests.

Action-adventure game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was created by Rockstar North and released by Rockstar Games in 2004. Following Grand Theft Auto: Vice City from 2002, it is the fifth main entry in the series and the seventh overall. It was published for the PlayStation 2 in October 2004, for Microsoft Windows and Xbox in June 2005, and for Mac OS X in November 2010. [2] [3] Players can explore and engage with the open world setting of the game at their leisure. The narrative centers on former mobster Carl "CJ" Johnson, who returns home after his mother is killed and gets sucked back into his old life of crime while battling dishonest cops and formidable gangsters. Carl's <a href="https://apkgameapps.com/action/gta-san-andreas/">gta san andreas mobile</a>

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

The 2013 action-adventure game Grand Theft Auto V was created by Rockstar North and released by Rockstar Games. Following 2008's Grand Theft Auto IV, it is the series' seventh primary installment and its fifteenth overall. The single-player narrative centers on three protagonists—retired bank robber Michael De Santa, street gangster Franklin Clinton, and drug dealer and gunrunner Trevor Philips—as they attempt to pull off heists while being pressured by a dishonest government agency and ruthless criminals. San Andreas is a fictional state that is modeled after Southern California. Players can freely explore the broad countryside of San Andreas and the made-up city of Los Santos, which is modeled after Los Angeles, thanks to the open world concept. Either the first- or third-person viewpoints are used to play the game. <a href="https://apkgameapps.com/action/gta-5-for-android/">gta 5 mobile free</a>
